Note the helm chart and docs do not agree (#11782)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/get-started/deployment-modes.md

- `-target=write` - The write target is stateful and is controlled by a Kubernetes StatefulSet. It contains the following components:
-- Distributor
-- Ingester

> - `-target=read` - The read target is stateless and can be run as a Kubernetes Deployment that can be scaled automatically (N.B. In the official helm chart it is currently deployed as a stateful set). It contains the following components:

Reviewer: N.B. is a Latin abbreviation for nota bene.  As a best practice, we try to avoid using Latin in the documentation.

```suggestion
- `-target=read` - The read target is stateless and can be run as a Kubernetes Deployment that can be scaled automatically (Note that in the official helm chart it is currently deployed as a stateful set). It contains the following components:
```
